The aroma is pungent
What is this?
Father often watches
This is the crayfish just now
What it looks like after cooking
Wow
This is more tender and delicious than the delicacies of mountains and seas in the palace
How can pests be so delicious?
The son has announced this cooking method
In a few days
Insects themselves
It seems that this is a gift from God
A large number of disaster victims appeared outside the gate of His Majesty's Palace
It was the disaster that caused the civil unrest
It's not a story.
Okay, okay.
Win the hearts of the people Qing Dynasty
Well done, Prince
From today onwards
Daxia up to first-grade officials
All officials down to the ninth grade
It's all handed over to the prince
This jade seal symbolizes the emperor
Pick up the jade seal and see me
Let it go
Resurrected successively
Great to have the jade seal
I am half an emperor
Prince, you are also in my hands, and you know it
The prince has done his best
Three days later
I will personally preside over the crown ceremony of the Crown Prince
There will be my teacher at that time
The saint who laid down all readers
Fang Xiaotu is as big as
Add the crown prince personally
The second minister thanked his father
The third prince has been to him all the way to pick you up
At that time, I will be bitterly eaten by him in front of the Emperor Baiguan
Your crown prince is over